README.md, before:

# <img src="assets/images/github-actions-logo.png" alt="github actions logo" style="height: 32px"  /> Github actions

Welcome to the Github actions repository! Here you will find a collection of reusable actions that you can use in your private repositories. Below is a table listing the current actions along with their names and short descriptions:

| Action Name                                                                           | Description                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/create-tag](./create-tag/)                                 | Creates a new git tag                       |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/delete-tag](./delete-tag/)                                 | Deletes a tag                               |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/get-last-tag](./get-last-tag/)                             | Gets the latest tag in the repository       |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/generate-next-version](./generate-next-version/)           | Generates a new version for your project.   |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/create-tag-and-pre-release](./create-tag-and-pre-release/) | Creates a new tag and pre-release on GitHub |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/update-release](./update-release/)                         | Updates an existing release                 |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/delete-release](./delete-release/)                         | Deletes a release                           |

Feel free to explore and utilize these actions to enhance your workflows. If you have any questions or need further assistance, please don't hesitate to reach out.

Commit message:

Add clear-ref-cache action

README.md, after:

# <img src="assets/images/github-actions-logo.png" alt="github actions logo" style="height: 32px"  /> Github actions

Welcome to the Github actions repository! Here you will find a collection of reusable actions that you can use in your private repositories. Below is a table listing the current actions along with their names and short descriptions:

| Action Name                                                                           | Description                                 |
| ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/create-tag](./create-tag/)                                 | Creates a new git tag                       |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/delete-tag](./delete-tag/)                                 | Deletes a tag                               |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/get-last-tag](./get-last-tag/)                             | Gets the latest tag in the repository       |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/generate-next-version](./generate-next-version/)           | Generates a new version for your project.   |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/create-tag-and-pre-release](./create-tag-and-pre-release/) | Creates a new tag and pre-release on GitHub |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/update-release](./update-release/)                         | Updates an existing release                 |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/delete-release](./delete-release/)                         | Deletes a release                           |
| [jhonnyvargasarias/actions/clear-ref-cache](./clear-ref-cache/)                       | Clears all the values of a given ref        |

Feel free to explore and utilize these actions to enhance your workflows. If you have any questions or need further assistance, please don't hesitate to reach out.
